com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityProfilePageBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityProfilePageBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/DashboardFragment.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$2
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$3
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$4
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$5
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardFragment$6
com/befb/ustam/registerActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.registerActivity
 com.befb.ustam.registerActivity$1
 com.befb.ustam.registerActivity$2
 com.befb.ustam.registerActivity$3
 com.befb.ustam.registerActivity$4
com/befb/ustam/databinding/RecyclerCommentRowBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.RecyclerCommentRowBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.befb.ustam.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
com/befb/ustam/BuildConfig.java
 com.befb.ustam.BuildConfig
com/befb/ustam/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/main/SectionsPagerAdapter.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.main.SectionsPagerAdapter
com/befb/ustam/MainPageActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.MainPageActivity
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/befb/ustam/Post.java
 com.befb.ustam.Post
com/befb/ustam/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/befb/ustam/RecyclerCommentAdapter.java
 com.befb.ustam.RecyclerCommentAdapter
 com.befb.ustam.RecyclerCommentAdapter$PostHolder
com/befb/ustam/Model/CityDetail.java
 com.befb.ustam.Model.CityDetail
com/befb/ustam/databinding/FragmentCreateProfileBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.FragmentCreateProfileBinding
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityTabbedBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityTabbedBinding
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/befb/ustam/TabbedActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.TabbedActivity
 com.befb.ustam.TabbedActivity$1
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/ProfilePageFragment.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageFragment
com/befb/ustam/MainActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.MainActivity
 com.befb.ustam.MainActivity$1
 com.befb.ustam.MainActivity$2
 com.befb.ustam.MainActivity$3
com/befb/ustam/UploadActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$1
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$2
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$3
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$4
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$5
 com.befb.ustam.UploadActivity$6
com/befb/ustam/databinding/RecyclerPortfolyoBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.RecyclerPortfolyoBinding
com/befb/ustam/LoginActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.LoginActivity
 com.befb.ustam.LoginActivity$1
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ListItemBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ListItemBinding
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/main/PageViewModel.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.main.PageViewModel
 com.befb.ustam.ui.main.PageViewModel$1
com/befb/ustam/databinding/RecyclerRowBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.RecyclerRowBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/ProfilePageActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$2
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$3
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$4
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$5
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$6
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$7
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageActivity$8
com/befb/ustam/ui/main/PlaceholderFragment.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment
 com.befb.ustam.ui.main.PlaceholderFragment$1
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/ProfilePageViewModel.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfilePageViewModel
com/befb/ustam/Comment.java
 com.befb.ustam.Comment
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/ProfileActivity.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$10
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$11
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$12
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$13
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$14
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$15
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$2
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$3
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$4
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$5
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$6
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$6$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$6$1$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$7
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$8
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$8$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$8$1$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.ProfileActivity$9
com/befb/ustam/databinding/FragmentTabbedBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.FragmentTabbedBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.befb.ustam.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
 com.befb.ustam.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$2
 com.befb.ustam.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$3
com/befb/ustam/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/befb/ustam/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/befb/ustam/ui/ProfilePage/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.befb.ustam.ui.ProfilePage.DashboardViewModel
com/befb/ustam/Model/CityList.java
 com.befb.ustam.Model.CityList
com/befb/ustam/databinding/ActivityUploadBinding.java
 com.befb.ustam.databinding.ActivityUploadBinding
com/befb/ustam/MainRecyclerAdapter.java
 com.befb.ustam.MainRecyclerAdapter
 com.befb.ustam.MainRecyclerAdapter$1
 com.befb.ustam.MainRecyclerAdapter$PostHolder
